Improve spelling and grammar in the introduction (#378)
Deltares/Wflow.jl: docs/src/index.md

[MIT License](https://github.com/Deltares/Wflow.jl/blob/master/LICENSE). Wflow is also
available as a [compiled executable](https://download.deltares.nl/en/download/wflow/) under
the Deltares terms and conditions. The wflow computational engine is built in the
[Julia](https://julialang.org/) language, a high-performance computing language.

> The code does not include a graphical user interface and is designed for maximum user

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Wflow does not include a graphical user interface and is designed for maximum user
```

Author: Done
